Fixed Issue #9: Add contributing guidelines (#35)
ZoeBijl/QueerCats: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to QueerCats projects

> A big welcome and thank you for considering contributing to QueerCats open source projects! It’s people like you who make it a reality for users in our community.

Reviewer: thank you for doing this, this looks excellent!

one small change:
```suggestion
A big welcome and thank you for considering contributing to the QueerCats open source project! It’s people like you who make it a reality for users in our community.
```
